1 : Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
1 :  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
1 :free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.
1 :specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the
1 :Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You
1 :  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,
1 :you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge
1 :it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of
1 :  Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of
1 :  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the
1 :Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less
1 :software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.
1 :free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in
1 :  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other
1 :  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
1 :  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
1 :    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.
1 :medium customarily used for software interchange.
1 :integrity of the free software distribution system which is
1 :generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
1 :to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
1 :  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
1 :the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
1 :the Free Software Foundation.
1 :write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
1 :copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
1 :Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
1 :of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
1 :and reuse of software generally.
1 :FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
1 :possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that
1 :    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
1 :    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
1 :    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
